Long term and stable career opportunities with global European companies
In 2006, the founders of our company packed their bags in Norway and moved to Ho Chi Minh City with their two young sons aged 4 and 7. They did not have family in Vietnam nor knew anyone in Ho Chi Minh City. But they had a lot of determination and hard work. Their aim was to help talented software engineers in Vietnam get long term and permanent roles and assist top notch tech businesses in Norway access talents, not letting distance hinder the employment. 
They started Facilitated Work Hub in 2007 with their own savings. We offer expert Software Developers in Vietnam with long term employment in top Norwegian companies. Developers in Vietnam and Norway work as colleagues, share the same responsibilities, there is no A team or B team. Developers in Vietnam collaborate directly, spar, discuss and innovate together with their co-workers in Norway on an equal footing. 
Post covid, there are many names for what we do, like remote work, future of work and etc. But we are not into labels, we simply love what we do. Love that many of our employees stay with us long, have gladly helped some settle well in Norway and delighted to welcome new ones to our company.
Our Benefits:
Rewarding salary package 
Flexible work hours, choose the schedule that works best for you
Work united and direct with top level co-workers in Norway 
Annual Private Health Check up
Training and support to suit your personal needs
Plenty of opportunities for personal growth
Virtual and In-person training & learning opportunities
Child Care package, Maternity Care, Wellness gift….
One-on-one English and Norwegian training
Delightful workplace (free daily snacks and fruit breaks, weekly Happy Breaks, beers, lunches, foosball, table tennis and more)
Variety of events- Enjoy happy breaks, overseas/domestic trips, family fun day, celebrations, festivals and team building and much more
Socially Responsible Company that cares more about making a positive impact on the world 
Norwegian work environment focus on flat hierarchy, equality and employee empowerment
Every day is an opportunity to grow - We offer long term and stable careers, not just a job.